>> Kyle Simpson: To get a better
understanding of how primitive values,
primitive type values, and
some of the special values work,
we're gonna jump into this exercise.
In this exercise,
we're going to make a polyfill.
You're gonna define a polyfill for
that Object.is utility
that we just talked about.
So in other words, no cheating,
you can't go look at the existing
implementation of it.
You're gonna write your own Object.is,
and in so doing,
get some practice with the idea of
dealing with these primitive values and
their types and the corner cases and
things like that.
So the instructions here talk
about defining an Object.is,
it's gotta take two parameters.
Remember it takes two values
as two separate parameters.
And then it's supposed to return true
only if they're exactly the same thing.
Now normally you would just use a triple
equals for that, but the two major corner
cases on triple equals where it lies are
the NaN value and the negative zero value.
So you're gonna essentially
need to account for
those first, and then if you're
not in one of those conditions,
then the triple equals would tell
you if they are the same value.
So the instructions here talk about
handling the NaN and the negative zero.
And you can use a built-in
utility like number.isNaN, but
there's also a way of checking for
NaNs that isn't that.
See if you can figure that out.
You can also figure out negative zeros.
So one last little note here is
that we're defining a polyfill,
and the polyfill pattern,
as you can see here,
is that you only define something
if it's not already defined.
So that's what a real polyfill would look
like, is it would have that if statement
wrapped around your definition
of your custom function.
The challenge here is that you're almost
certainly working in a JavaScript
environment that already has Object.is,
cuz that was ES6, so years back.
So if you wrap it in an if statement,
none of the code you write is ever gonna
run and you're just gonna be testing
yourself against the built in Object.is.
So as a temporary hack,
I would disable that if statement.
You can disable it by literally
saying something like or
true so that you're always defining one.
You wouldn't leave that in,
obviously, in your normal polyfill.
But for the purposes of this exercise,
since you're polyfilling something
that already exists, make sure that you
disable that if statement in some way, or
you can just comment out the if statement,
okay.
But just keep that in mind.
You're gonna be working in ex.js.
You'll notice that in this file I have
a bunch of console log statements, and
each one of them is asserting
something about this test.
And so the objective is that all of
these console log statements all have to
print true.
That is that each one of these
calls all return true, and
each one of these calls all return false.
So you know you have a passing
test when you get all trues and
no falses printed out.
The way to run this code,
you can open up this file and
run it directly in node
from the command line.
You could copy your
code into a console and
run it inside of a console,
like in your Chrome developer tools.
However you like to run your JavaScript,
doesn't need any other
surrounding information.
But you're gonna define your Object.is
polyfill here at the top, and
then make sure that it pass all the tests.
This would probably take someone between
five and eight minutes, so we'll break,
let you have some chances to work on
the exercise, and then we'll come back and
talk about the solution.
If you get stock and you need a hint,
the solution is provided for you and
it's ex.fixed.js in that same directory.
All right, have fun with this exercise.